ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER bendy.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER bnd.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER cc.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER ccstart.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER frac-dim.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER frac-dims.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER hilbert.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER loop.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER loop0.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER new_f07a.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER new_f07b.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER new_f1.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER new_f2.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER pcba.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER pcbb.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER r-frac.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER sequence1.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER sequence2.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER sequence3.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER sequence4.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER sequence5.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER sequence6.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER triang0.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER triang1.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER triang10.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER triang2.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER triang3.ps
ps2pdf -dEPSCrop -dNOSAFER triang4.ps
